DOCS: add feature doc for automatically invalidate Azure Key Vault secrets (#106)
arcus-azure/arcus.webapi: docs/features/cloudevent/receive-cloudevents-job.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can we add a link to this in the root?

Author: :+1:

title: "Securely Receive CloudEvents"
layout: default
---

# Securely Receive CloudEvents

> The `Arcus.BackgroundJobs` library provides a background job to securely receive [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec)s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Arcus.BackgroundJobs` library provides a collection of background jobs to securely receive [CloudEvents](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec).
```

> This allows API's to have asynchronous jobs that allow external parties to forward events to react upon, without exposing a public endpoint.

Reviewer: I've rephrased it a bit, what do you think?

```suggestion
This allows workloads to asynchronously process event from other components without exposing a public endpoint.

By using Azure Service Bus Topics, we support applications with multiple instances by using a subscription dedicated to every node.
```

Author: Done.

## How This Works

> An Azure Service Bus Topic resource is required to receive the **CloudEvent**s on. CloudEvent messages on this Topic will be processed by a background job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Azure Service Bus Topic resource is required to receive CloudEvents on. CloudEvent messages on this Topic will be processed by a background job.
```

> The background job consists of a custom implementation of the `CloudEventBackgroundJob` which already takes care of topic subscription creation/deletion on start/stop of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write your own background job(s) by deriving from `CloudEventBackgroundJob` which already takes care of topic subscription creation/deletion on start/stop of the job.
```

## Usage

> The mandatory `ProcessMessageAsync` to-be-overriden method allows you to customize the processing of the **CloudEvent** message.

Reviewer: I think this reads a bit better, what do you think?

```suggestion
You can easily implement your own job by implementing the `ProcessMessageAsync` method to prcocess new CloudEvents.
```

Both are Ok.

```csharp

> public class MyBackgroundJob : CloudEventBackgroundJob

Reviewer: Tabs, spaces or both?

I'm just kidding 🤡

Author: Yeah, VS 💩
